Update EM graph docs for My Access APIs (#11258)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-filterbycurrentuser.md

---
title: "accessPackageAssignmentRequest: FilterByCurrentUser"
description: "Retrieve a list of accesspackageassignmentrequest objects filtered on currently-logged-in user."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# accessPackageAssignmentRequest: FilterByCurrentUser
Namespace: microsoft.graph

In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), retrieve a list of [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) objects filtered on currently-logged-in user. The resulting list includes all the assignment requests, current and as well as expired, that the caller has requested, across all catalogs and access packages.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|
|:---|:---|

> |Delegated (work or school account)|EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All|

Reviewer: see earlier comment about whether read permission is also supported.

|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentRequests/FilterByCurrentUser
```

## Function parameters
In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.
The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|on|String|The list of options that can be used to filter on current user. This parameter can take 3 values: `target`, `createdBy` and `approver` |

> `target` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects where the currently-logged-in user is the target, `createdBy` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects created by the currently-logged-in user, while `approver` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects where the currently-logged-in user is an allowed approver in any contained `accessPackageAssignment/accessPackageAssignmentPolicy/requestApprovalSettings/approvalStages` (`primaryApprovers` or `escalationApprovers`).

Reviewer: Questions -for the 'approvers', is this only for requests that are not yet completed (still pending) or completed as well?  E.g., suppose there was a policy that referenced a group, Alice and Bob were member of the group, and back in December Carol requested and his request was approved by Alice.  Now in January Bob makes a query with 'approver' - will he see Carol's request becaues at the time Bob of Carol's request was a member of the group?

Reviewer: Questions - for multi-stage approval,  does approver include users who cannot yet approve because it hsan't reached their stage yet?  E.g., if Alice is a first stage approver and Bob is a second stage approver on a policy, and Carol makes a request, does Bob see Carol's request even if it's still waiting for Alice to approve?

---
title: "accessPackageAssignmentRequest: FilterByCurrentUser"

> description: "Retrieve a list of accesspackageassignmentrequest objects filtered on currently-logged-in user."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Retrieve a list of accesspackageassignmentrequest objects filtered on the signed-in user."
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# accessPackageAssignmentRequest: FilterByCurrentUser
Namespace: microsoft.graph

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), retrieve a list of [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) objects filtered on currently-logged-in user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In [Azure AD Entitlement Management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), retrieve a list of [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) objects filtered on the signed-in user.
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

> |Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
```

|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentRequests/FilterByCurrentUser
```

## Function parameters

> In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence isn't needed.

The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |on|String|The list of options that can be used to filter on current user. This parameter can take 3 values: `target`, `createdBy` and `approver` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|on|String|The list of options that can be used to filter on current user. Possible options are: `target`, `createdBy` and `approver` |
```

> - `target` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects where the currently-logged-in user is the target. The resulting list includes all the assignment requests, current and expired, that were requested by the called or for the caller, across all catalogs and access packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `target` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects where the signed-in user is the target. The resulting list includes all the assignment requests, current and expired, that were requested by the called or for the caller, across all catalogs and access packages.
```

> - `createdBy` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects created by the currently-logged-in user. The resulting list includes all the assignment requests that the caller has created for themselves or on behalf of others (such as in case of admin direct assignment), across all catalogs and access packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `createdBy` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects created by the signed-in user. The resulting list includes all the assignment requests that the caller has created for themselves or on behalf of others (such as in case of admin direct assignment), across all catalogs and access packages.
```

> - `approver` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects where the currently-logged-in user is an allowed approver in any contained `accessPackageAssignment/accessPackageAssignmentPolicy/requestApprovalSettings/approvalStages` (`primaryApprovers` or `escalationApprovers`). The resulting list includes the assignment requests in *pending* state, across all catalogs and access packages and that need a decision from the caller. This list does not contain assignment requests in other states than *pending* nor assignment requests that do not require action from the logged-in user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `approver` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest` objects where the signed-in user is an allowed approver in any contained `accessPackageAssignment/accessPackageAssignmentPolicy/requestApprovalSettings/approvalStages` (`primaryApprovers` or `escalationApprovers`). The resulting list includes the assignment requests in *pending* state, across all catalogs and access packages and that need a decision from the caller. This list does not contain assignment requests in states other than *pending* nor assignment requests that do not require action from the signed-in user.
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "accesspackageassignmentrequest_filterbycurrentuser"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentRequests/FilterByCurrentUser(on='parameterValue')
```

### Response
**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.accessPackageAssignmentRequest)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [

>     {

Reviewer 2: This example should show values rather than types.
